
[root@puppet manifest]# systemctl list-unit-files
UNIT FILE                                     STATE
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount             static
dev-hugepages.mount                           static
dev-mqueue.mount                              static
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                            static
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                 static
proc-xen.mount                                static
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                 static
sys-kernel-config.mount                       static
sys-kernel-debug.mount                        static
tmp.mount                                     disabled
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount                  static
var-lib-xenstored.mount                       static
brandbot.path                                 disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.path             static
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path            static
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                static
session-1.scope                               static
session-2.scope                               static
arp-ethers.service                            disabled
auditd.service                                enabled
auth-rpcgss-module.service                    static
autovt@.service                               enabled
blk-availability.service                      disabled
brandbot.service                              static
[root@puppet manifest]#
[root@puppet manifest]# systemctl list-unit-files | grep nginx
nginx.service                                 enabled
[root@puppet manifest]#
